c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Copa.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Copa.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\obj\Debug\Copa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\obj\Debug\Copa.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Copa\Copa\obj\Debug\Copa.pdb
